I understand that in pure consciousness, God is Love, and love is seen actualized in consciousness, 
but the way I can see it from a mental point of view, it may have to do with orientation. 
In "I Am" consciousness, all possibilities are possible, all directions can be taken, 
I am the being, the one, 
here is the start of Genesis, 
"Now the earth was formless and empty, darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the waters." 
In "I Am" consciousness, "I am formless and empty, darkness is over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit is hovering over the waters", from this position any direction is possible. 
There is no forward movement yet, this is a passive resting state, no actions are taken, 
there is stillness. 
Then in Genesis from that point an action is taken, 
"And God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light."
Now there is an action taken and light has been actualized as a possibility. 

In the I Am consciousness, you are your real being, and you may even have eyes, 
but the action has not been taken, so there is no light, so there is nothing to see. 
Until the light is actualized, you aren't going to have sight. 
So the love is an active state, it has a forward movement to it. 

There is something special about those who are walking in the love I'm talking about, in their philosophy I noticed that is different then the world's philosophy of love. 
In the world's philosophy right now, everyone can agree that we should be compassionate, we should be loving, we should be caring, it's part of our nature, it's part of what we do. 
And yet we operate under significant oppression. We don't sing and dance freely, we don't offer compassion and love freely, we offer it if and when it would be appropriate to do so. 

What I noticed in these people's philosophy are these three key words, "All the way." 
They're going all the way. All the way. They're going to take their action regardless of consequence.
[12:50 PM]Auth: It may be this part that has to do with the actualization part. The regardless of consequence part. 
Then as I realized this I understood why what Christ did was so special, those acts demonstrate acts that disregard consequence entirely. There is no concern or consideration for what future consequences may happen due to the choices made, 

and this possibility demonstrates a unique freedom, that it is possible to take authentic action from one's true nature regardless of external conditions, it is possible to be real no matter what the situation is, in this way you do it anyway.
[12:54 PM]Auth: Now here's why I say this may be an 'orientation' thing, is because I notice that 
"all the way", this method, 
it presents "a way", 
and so now I kind of have the answer to my question, 
"working on understanding how love works" 
I think it's basically as simple as this, 
It is a way, 
and if you go directly from passive "I Am" into active "Way" you can activate the possibility and actualize it. 

This would verify the scriptures saying "I am the Way", "I am Love" "God is Love" 
The Way is actually then a part of God, 
it is then that love is connected to everything that appears, 
that God is not just God but he also is the Way, 

That I Am doesn't just create the path, it IS the path itself also
[12:56 PM]Auth: Another way to say it is that if all possibilities are possible, 
one of those possibilities is the actualization of Spirit, 
and the Spirit has one way about it, 

other possibilities are possible but they aren't the way of that Spirit, 
and we the participatory part of the I Am could choose a possibility that would be the intentions and will of that spirit inside us