What is the ‘Tickets to Ride NFTs Theory’?
There is an economic theory that money is actually like tickets to ride amusement park attractions.

When you hear South Park’s logic on NFTs, where people are ‘getting rekt’ from NFTs and Butters just walks away from the scene of catastrophe to go on and wreck more people,

then man, NFTs sure are a scam.
But eventually you have to ask, is the NFT system a scam or is the ticket system the scam? Why don’t we have more tickets? Seriously, why the fuck don’t we have more tickets? Why don’t we share our tickets?
When you get into NFTs there is unspoken and sometimes vocalized support of everyone in the space. There is an imposed time in the spotlight, everyone has a chance to win big and the required elements necessary to make that happen.
Under the hood there are some expectations,
Yes. Noobs are gonna get fucking rekt.
Prepare to lose it all and lose the house.

my name is not lose house, my name is winning.jpeg
But guess what. You helped someone get their tickets to win the game.
And once you know what’s going on,
you will have the opportunity to get tickets to win the game and everyone wants to help you do it.
Sure there are psychopaths and sociopaths and businesses and commercial entities playing the game too, but even South Park’s special has the characters realize, “Holy shit, this is a great fucking idea!” because it’s the first time the people of society have ever had the real chance to win a fixed game.
The odds of winning tickets are way higher than simple gambling.
This is a game that increases your odds of winning the more you sink into it,
And for the players with the capital to play the game, they can afford to take a hit and a miss on one or two flops [perhaps not favorably, but their odds of winning if they play long term are still high. ]
You have a game with extreme consequences, but at the same time one that you can always exponentially add to your percentage chances of winning by educating yourself as the buyer or making a better product.
The winners of the ticket system now have the ability to give tickets to new projects of their friends without even scratching the surface of their stack.
Then the rules of this game are simple,
the more connected you are,
the more involved you are,
the better your chances of winning.
The cost of playing the lottery system, is that it’s reasonable to assume you need to be marginally close to an active market.
We probably don’t want to know how many projects have never seen the light of day. If you paint this out, this would look like a circle with a center, and smaller circles Venn diagramming with that center circle and each other.

circles be like
Everyone completely outside of a circle is playing the actual low odds of winning lottery guaranteed. There is a social investment aspect of this game.
There are negative consequences to keep in mind,
such a sphere revolving around tickets which some have plentifully of, and others desperately need will introduce a gap between the two in which toxicity can form, as the poor party may be unnaturally driven into a state of more desperation fueled behaviors and this could change the environment as a whole. This can be seen as one of the consequences of a capitalistic NFT future as described in this last upcoming section.
Factoring in the Future of NFTS
There are two factors which change the overall state of the future of the NFT game.
Community is the conducive factor.
Individualism — that we know as capitalism- is the non-conducive factor.
An NFT market strengthened in Community continues to thrive and benefit the majority.
An NFT market strengthened in Capitalistic exploits drains the game of all its tickets,
and the game can no longer be played.
Here’s why.
In an NFT space of capitalistic exploits, the winners of the NFT projects take their winnings and walk away into the sunset. That’s how some players will choose to play the game.
As the spectrum of total players leans towards the capitalistic mindset, the tickets in the space become sparse and to win anything requires more cunning, strategy, struggle.

In this landscape, the tickets are removed from the game and only the people with tickets keep winning, and the financial divide increases. This introduces the desperation-fueled behavior mentioned before.
In a NFT space of strong community, the winners of projects support their surrounding friends in their projects, they put tickets back into the game. If there are 99 winners and they all put a few tickets into their friend’s project, their friend makes it. As long as these strong community winners all continue to play the game, tickets are plentiful and the odds of winning can become exponentially high, nearly fixed or guaranteed.

jus degen frens
The WAGMI We-Are-Going-To-Make-It philosophy is the optimal social strategy that benefits the whole in this game.
I believe that it is the war of the choices of these winners down to the individual level that determines the state of the whole game. It is also which winners the community votes for to win with their tickets that determines which kind of winner is winning.
You may notice that the game outlined above describes a simple Game Theory scenario, asking if players will play the game in a way that benefits everyone or choose to exploit the game.

a basic game theory example

an advanced game theory scenario @ https://www.clearerthinking.org/post/2017/08/14/this-adorable-game-explains-the-math-behind-interpersonal-trust
To add further depth to that game theory, the war between capitalism and community is compounded by the variables of exclusivity. How exclusive is the friend group in the circle?
How inclusive the circles are determines where the circles stop handing out their tickets to other players.
A group can be inclusive of its players while still being familial with a larger scope and sphere of players.


-`ღ´--`ღ´-ヽ(´▽`)/ \(ᵔᵕᵔ)/ ~(^-^)~ -`ღ´--`ღ´-
In conclusion, I believe the state of the NFT market falls between a clash of two competing ideologies,
and in a certain respect is a fascinating worldwide sociological study
in which the results reveal the current state of the heart of mankind.
Thanks for reading,
-Divi ❤