The Order of Melchizedek and Divenie

“What is dead May never die.”- Theon Greyjoy —
— water baptism of the Drowned God
This memorable and resonant phrase from Game of Thrones may be more familiar to human consciousness than it seems.
I believe George R.R. Martin may have misquoted this from Osho whom often made statements such as, “[he who has] Never born [and has] Never Died”, and published a book with the same title, “Never Born, Never Died”.
I believe Osho took this from a teacher who had a familiarity with the bible — I notice Osho has a particular disdain for the scriptures as well as being familiar enough with them to often reference creationism and Genesis —
I believe Osho or his teacher when making this statement is referring to Melchizedek in the book of Genesis.
This figure, Melchizedek, is one who has never born and has never died. This figure is often referred to in Christianity, as when Jesus was asked about having known Abraham, he replies, “Before Abraham was, I Am.” This leads most Christians to believe that Jesus is Melchizedek and has been a figure around since the events of Genesis.
I wonder about a more tangible interpretation here, as according to Wikipedia,
“Heb. 7:3 states, ‘Without father or mother, without genealogy, without beginning of days or end of life, like the Son of God he (Melchizedek) remains a priest forever.’”
“Melchizedek gave Abraham bread and wine, which some Christians consider symbols of the body and blood of Jesus Christ, the sacrifice to confirm a covenant.”
This symbolic gesture of Christ, this secret saying understood by some and not known by all, could there be an Order of Melchizedek?
An ancient order of those observers who understand the world by watching it, those sensitive souls who found the silent awareness and awoke to their actualized Being, and from there were able to operate at a high level, it is from here that I could imagine a sacred text was written.
As Melchizedek was known by Abraham, could this be the signature calling card of an author, of an order that only knew each other as “I Am”?
Hermeticism and Gnosticism usually contain elements of these levels of spiritual depth, but those branches were built upon the bible later. In contrast, here we have the possibility of an author before the creation of these Hebrew texts that contained ideas that would change the world.
I have been wondering if there could have been an order of wise men that might have played a role in human history throughout time up until now, and perhaps I can find out. Maybe I should establish an Order of Melchizedek myself and see if I turn any heads. They should have Google, I’m sure I could ping someone if I say Melchizedek five times fast.
01 / 24 / 2022
What’s the point of research these days if the information comes straight to you?
A powerful man of deep understanding and compassionate love has recently passed away, Thich Nhat Hanh.
This man said,
“I will continue to be. But you have to be very careful to see me. I will be a flower or a leaf. I will be in those forms and send you a greeting. If you are aware enough, you will recognize me, and you will be smiling at me. I will be very happy about it.”
I heard that phrase for the first time, just now actually. But today, this man’s words came across my path again,
“This body is not me. I am not limited by this body. I am life without boundaries.
I have never been born,
And I have never died.” -Thich Nhat Hanh
Here are these words upon my computer screen in a NYT article, as I have these notes sitting in pen and paper at my desk!

I’m sitting here with these words written down in front of me, and here an actually dead man is repeating them back to me, saying again,
“I have never been born, And I have never died.”
Well Hello Primordial Self, good to meet you!
If I have half as much luck with my Fire Baptism article, I’ll be a newly reborn child of the Eternal Flame by the end of the week.
Thanks for Your Awareness,
-Divenie
— This article blends elements of entertainment and seriousness and is not meant to intentionally offend anyone.